alright guys I got a bunch of new
shipment in today as you all know had
some casualties on the 60 p tank and
this is to replace what had died there
pretty much i wanted to start up the
shrimp again so i went ahead and
actually kept the two angel fishes in
the 21 25 and then moving on to some
shrimps so one of these boxes is from
alpha pro breeders bought a couple
patches from them and the other two are
just some some fish that i bought online
and another one was some more orange I
blue tigers from a member at is it the
planet tank form so I'm probably do a
couple edits here but pretty much I'm
gonna open some of these up show you
guys what I got and then hopefully a
snapshot of them in the tank hi guys
probably won't be able to see this but
I'm just going to go through each one
this is the orange I shrimp that all
these guys arrived in good condition so
there's a bunch of them here I got some
cuts and some normal just blue ones
darker blue ones this one's really nice
so this was from a form in the planet
tank form i bought from him before and
he's always done great great shrimps
this one is the crystal Reds believe
give me a second here and look yeah I
think so these are a lot smaller than I
thought they would be but they're all
alive there are just a lot of them that
are running around so still it was
pretty good other than the size this is
the golden bumblebee and this is the
size i was expecting them to be they
have the color still a little bit bigger
and
is really nice that was also from alpha
pro breeders I've also got some some
leaves mom and leaves I think and then a
couple of a couple of these snails here
so they look like they're doing good in
here and then these are some fish I had
bought some more celesio Danielle's so I
got 20 of them they're all looking
really healthy this is actually a bigger
batch or bigger size than when I got in
before and they're all look really nice
so yeah I'm going to acclimate these
dudes get them in they've been in trip
and also probably doing updates next
month on them so you'll see them then so
yeah peace